People born in a year of the Goat are generally believed to be gentle, mild-mannered, shy, stable, sympathetic, amicable, and brimming with a strong sense of kindheartedness and justice.They have very delicate thoughts, strong creativity, and perseverance, and acquire professional skills well. Although they look gentle on the surface, they are tough on the inside, always insisting on their own opinions in their minds. They have strong inner resilience and excellent defensive instincts.Although they prefer to be in groups, they do not want to be the center of attention. They are reserved and quiet, most likely because they like spending a lot of time in their own thoughts. Goats like to spend money on fashionable things that give them a first class appearance. Although Goats enjoy spending money on the finer things in life, they are not snobbish.
Despite the word "aqua" in its name, Aquarius is actually the last air sign of the zodiac. Aquarius is represented by the water bearer, the mystical healer who bestows water, or life, upon the land. Accordingly, Aquarius is the most humanitarian astrological sign. These revolutionary thinkers fervently support “power to the people,” aspiring to change the world through radical social progress. Every Aquarian is a rebel at heart: These air signs despise authority and anything that represents conventionality. Free-spirited and eccentric, they can often be identified by their offbeat fashion sensibilities, unusual hobbies, and nonconformist attitude.Aquarius is ruled by Uranus, the planet that governs innovation, technology, and surprising events. Uranus perfectly mirrors Aquarius's distinctive attitude, complementing the nontraditional nature of these visionary air signs. Aquarians are big thinkers, but mustn't forget their immediate surroundings. 
Pisces is the 12th and final sign of the zodiac calendar. It's represented by a pair of fish and ruled by the planet Neptune (as well as Jupiter). Like Scorpio and Cancer, Pisces is a water sign; however, Pisces are known for generally being more laid back and agreeable than their other water counterparts. All water signs, though, are known for having strong feelings and occasionally being "wishy-washy."These kind souls can also be moody though when things aren't going their way, and their generous nature makes them easily taken advantage of by less selfless types. Pisces can even become emotionally closed off if they've been hurt too often. In general though, Pisces are compassionate, thoughtful, and well attuned to their emotions and the emotions of those around them.
People born in the Year of the Sheep (also known as the Year of the Goat or Ram) are creative and have great artistic talent. They are easy-going and have good manners and charm. They are also sensitive and compassionate, want to make everyone happy and will avoid confrontation, prefering peace and quiet. They may appear calm but underneath are anxious and insecure, needing to feel protected and loved. Sheep people can be very indecisive, lazy and lack ambition. They are also facinated by the mysterious and are often religious. Sheep people are gentle and caring, but need lots of love and attention themselves.
Taurus is an earth sign represented by the bull. Like their celestial spirit animal, Taureans enjoy relaxing in serene, bucolic environments, surrounded by soft sounds, soothing aromas, and succulent flavors. Taurus is ruled by Venus, the enchanting planet that governs love, beauty, and money. Taurus’s Venusian influence make this earth sign the most sensual of the zodiac: These cosmic oxen are enchanted by any physical manifestation of comfort and luxury. Pleasure is a necessity for epicurean Taureans and they feel most content when pampered. (Taurus governs the neck, so neck caresses are especially irresistible to these bulls.)It's true that in their perfect world, Taureans would spend all day bathing in a tub overflowing with essential oils. At the same time, these earth signs know the value of a dollar. Taureans aren’t afraid to roll up their sleeves and work hard to earn big rewards. They're ambitious, focused, and resilient and they feel most secure when steadily putting money into a savings account.
Gemini season begins on May 21, a day that ushers in the heat and electricity of summer. Gemini is accordingly excellent at guiding change and transformation. These curious twins are terrific pioneers, using their energy to spearhead innovative creative projects. A fearless thinker, Gemini is always down to try something new. But after they have shared their progressive vision with the world, it’s best to let these twins get back to ideating: These hyperactive air signs have short attention spans and are most satisfied when they can move fluidly from one idea to the next.Both Gemini and Virgo are governed by Mercury, the messenger planet of communication. Despite sharing a planetary ruler, however, these two signs are opposite in their approaches: Gemini expresses emotions externally, whereas Virgo processes internally. Gemini is all about output, so these twins love to chat and often speak with their hands (which happens to be the body part associated with Gemini).
Cancer is the fourth sign of the zodiac and is represented by the Crab. They're primarily known for being emotional, nurturing, and highly intuitive, as well as sensitive and at times insecure. Their elemental sign is water (as it is for Pisces and Scorpio), which makes sense when you consider the emotional depths associated with this sign.Cancers wear their hearts on their sleeves, but they have a range of emotions going on inside, which can at times make them seem overly sentimental or moody; this is due to their connection with the moon phases and is why Cancers are said to be "crabby."Just like real crabs, Cancers are known to retreat into their "shells" and are most comfortable when they're at home surrounded by loved ones. They're generally on the more introverted side, preferring deep, intimate connections with just a few people over socializing in large groups, which can easily overwhelm the Crab.
Roll out the red carpet, because Leo has arrived. Leo is represented by the lion, and these spirited fire signs are the kings and queens of the celestial jungle. They’re delighted to embrace their royal status: Vivacious, theatrical, and passionate, Leos love to bask in the spotlight and celebrate themselves. These lions are natural leaders and they enjoy cultivating friendships and romances that are artistically and creatively inspired. Playful Leos have no problem leaning into drama-fueled romances that are perfectly suited for the tabloids. (In fact, they may even prefer them.) After all, every Leo perceives him or herself as a celebrity. These astrological divas never get tired of lavish dinners, exclusive parties, or decadent designer wear.Leo is ruled by the sun, the dazzling celestial body that governs life and vitality. The sun never goes retrograde, and likewise, Leos are renowned for their stability, loyalty, and consistency.
Virgo is an earth sign historically represented by the goddess of wheat and agriculture, an association that speaks to Virgo’s deep-rooted presence in the material world. Virgos are logical, practical, and systematic in their approach to life. This earth sign is a perfectionist at heart and isn’t afraid to improve skills through diligent and consistent practice. Virgo rules the digestive system, which makes these earth signs especially attuned to the ingredients that make up a whole — in food and in everything else. They're hyper-aware of every detail.Virgo is governed by Mercury, the messenger planet of communication. Though Mercury also rules Gemini, these two signs are radically different: Gemini is about output and expression, whereas Virgo is about input and processing. A Virgo deals with information like a computer, transforming even the most jumbled set of information into organized, clear concepts.
Libra is an air sign represented by the scales (interestingly, the only inanimate object of the zodiac), an association that reflects Libra's fixation on balance and harmony. Libra is obsessed with symmetry and strives to create equilibrium in all areas of life. These air signs are the aesthetes of the zodiac: Ruled by Venus, the planet that governs love, beauty, and money, Libras adore high art, intellectualism, and connoisseurship. Suave Libras need to surround themselves with stunning objects and create environments that reflect their exquisite tastes. Accordingly, these air signs make excellent designers, decorators, art critics, and stylists.While Libra's opposite sign, Aries, represents "me," Libra symbolizes "we." Relationships are paramount for Libras, who find balance in companionship. They love harmonious partnerships with fashionable mates, especially those who make attractive arm candy. (Libra governs the skin, and these air signs are highly motivated by physical appearance.
Often mistaken for a fire sign because of their fierce independence, Scorpios are actually a deeply emotional and sensitive water sign. While they can be intimidating, Scorpios are also the most loyal friends and partners you could ever ask for, and as one of the most ambitious signs, they're amazing at creating connections and being their authentic selves.Scorpios are known for being tough-minded and biting, but they also have lots of positive qualities that make them great friends and successful people overall.Like their symbol the scorpion, Scorpios have a tendency to lay in wait, collecting information and trust until their time to strike. Scorpios need to be aware of some of their harsher qualities, and so do those who have Scorpios in their lives.
Represented by the archer, Sagittarians are always on a quest for knowledge. The last fire sign of the zodiac, Sagittarius launches its many pursuits like blazing arrows, chasing after geographical, intellectual, and spiritual adventures. Fueled by wanderlust, these archers can be found traversing all corners of the world on thrill-seeking expeditions.It's no surprise that Jupiter, the planet of abundance, spirituality, and growth, governs Sagittarius. With so many journeys under their belt, Sagittarians are excellent storytellers and can light up any room with their exhilarating tales and infectious laughter. Effortlessly magnetic, Sags easily attract friends and lovers with their sense of humor. They're the comedians of the zodiac and infuse all of their conversations with wit and no bullshit bluntness. While their bon mots are unmatched, Sags must remember to keep their sharp tongues in check. Though they know a lot, they don’t know everything — and if they're not careful.